website/docs: add LDAP 'Lookup using user attribute' docs (#13966)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/users-sources/sources/directory-sync/active-directory/index.md

The following placeholders are used in this guide:

- `ad.company` is the name of the Active Directory domain.
- `authentik.company` is the FQDN of the authentik install.

## Active Directory configuration

To support the integration of Active Directory with authentik, you need to create a service account in Active Directory.

> 1. Open Active Directory Users and Computers.

Reviewer: Can we clarify where this is/how to reach it? Also, I presume bold would be needed at some place here?

> 2. Create a service account in Active Directory, matching your naming scheme, for example:

Reviewer: Does the admin need to click a button or navigate to a submenu? Can we clarify please

    ![](./01_user_create.png)

3. Set the password for the service account. Ensure that the **Reset user password and force password change at next logon** option is not checked.

>     Either of the following commands can be used to generate the password:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Either one of the following commands can be used to generate the password:
```

nit: From what I read online, adding this word makes it more explicit that only one command must be used, which is the case in this sentence

    ```sh
    pwgen 64 1
    ```

    ```sh
    openssl rand 36 | base64 -w 0
    ```

4. Open the **Delegation of Control Wizard** by right-clicking the domain Active Directory Users and Computers, and selecting **All Tasks**.
5. Select the authentik service account that you've just created.
6. Grant these additional permissions (only required when _User password writeback_ is enabled on the LDAP source in authentik, and dependent on your AD Domain)

    ![](./02_delegate.png)

## authentik Setup

To support the integration of authentik with Active Directory, you will need to create a new LDAP Source in authentik.

1. Log in to authentik as an admin, and open the authentik Admin interface.
2. Navigate to **Directory** > **Federation & Social login**.
3. Click **Create** and select **LDAP Source** as the type.
4. Provide a name, slug, and the following required configurations:

    Under **Connection Settings**:

    - **Server URI**: `ldap://ad.company`

    :::note

>     For authentik to be able to write passwords back to Active Directory, make sure to use `ldaps://` as a prefix. You can verify LDAPS is working via `ldp.exe`. Multiple servers can be specified by separating URIs with a comma (e.g. `ldap://dc1.ad.company,ldap://dc2.ad.company`). If a DNS entry with multiple records is used, authentik will select a random entry when first connecting.

Reviewer: How do you verify with ldp.exe? can you clarify/ link external docs

>     For authentik to be able to write passwords back to Active Directory, make sure to use `ldaps://` as a prefix. You can verify LDAPS is working via `ldp.exe`. Multiple servers can be specified by separating URIs with a comma (e.g. `ldap://dc1.ad.company,ldap://dc2.ad.company`). If a DNS entry with multiple records is used, authentik will select a random entry when first connecting.

Reviewer: > will randomly select an entry

Isn't that how it normally works when attempting to resolve a domain name? Should we still include this

Reviewer 2: I think it's just informative and might avoid some issues being created.

The following placeholders are used in this guide:

- `ad.company` is the name of the Active Directory domain.
- `authentik.company` is the FQDN of the authentik install.

## Active Directory configuration

To support the integration of Active Directory with authentik, you need to create a service account in Active Directory.

1. Open Active Directory Users and Computers.
2. Create a service account in Active Directory, matching your naming scheme, for example:

    ![](./01_user_create.png)

> 3. Set the password for the service account. Ensure that the **Reset user password and force password change at next logon** option is not checked.

Reviewer 2: I've changed this to:
>**Reset user password and force password change at next logon** option is _**not checked**._ 

As opposed to the original:
>Ensure the "Reset user password and force password change at next logon" Option is **_checked_**.

I assume that's what was originally intended. It doesn't make sense to me otherwise.

Reviewer 3: So is it a checkbox? (In which case we use the verb "selected".) And... we want the checkbox to NOT be selected, right?

Also, I like the original, beginning words of "Ensure that..." They help me orient myself.

So my vote is:
Ensure that the **Reset user password and force password change at next logon** option is not checked.

    The following commands can be used to generate the password:

    ```sh
    pwgen 64 1
    ```

    ```sh
    openssl rand 36 | base64 -w 0
    ```

4. Open the **Delegation of Control Wizard** by right-clicking the domain Active Directory Users and Computers, and selecting **All Tasks**.
5. Select the authentik service account that you've just created.
6. Grant these additional permissions (only required when _User password writeback_ is enabled on the LDAP source in authentik, and dependent on your AD Domain)

    ![](./02_delegate.png)

>     Additional information can be found here: https://support.microfocus.com/kb/doc.php?id=7023371

Reviewer 2: Not sure if this is needed anymore? It's quite an outdated link and doesn't add much information.

Reviewer 3: Yeah I vote for removing it. This is exactly why I am always very hesitant to add external links... we are not in control of them and they can become outdated.

- Addition User/Group DN: Additional DN which is _prepended_ to your Base DN configured above to limit the scope of synchronization for Users and Groups
- User object filter: Which objects should be considered users. For Active Directory set it to `(&(objectClass=user)(!(objectClass=computer)))` to exclude Computer accounts.
- Group object filter: Which objects should be considered groups.
- Lookup using a user attribute: Acquire group membership from a User object attribute (`memberOf`) instead of a Group attribute (`member`). This works with directories with nested groups memberships (Active Directory, RedHat IDM/FreeIPA), using `memberOf:1.2.840.113556.1.4.1941:` as the group membership field.

> - Group membership field: Which user field saves the group membership. When selecting "Lookup using a user attribute", this should be a user attribute, otherwise a group attribute.

Reviewer 3: For `Group membership field` I am not sure I can easily parse what "_Which user field saves the group membership_." means... I think the phrase "user field" is throwing me, especially since the setting might be a group attribute.
-Does this mean that this setting can accept either the `memberof` user object attribute OR the `___` (if you provided a `Lookup using a user attribute` value)? How can we be more clear about which attributes are possible?
-what exactly does "user field" refer to? 

Suggested wording to be more prescriptive: "Enter the user object attribute or the group object attribute that determines the group membership for each user. If you defined a "Lookup using a user attribute", this should be a user object attribute, otherwise a group object attribute.

Author: ```suggestion
- Group membership field: The user object attribute or the group object attribute that determines the group membership for a user. If you defined a "Lookup using a user attribute", this should be a user object attribute, otherwise a group object attribute.
```

Would this be fine?
